Zi Qi fortunately did not humiliate her life
Gift has been delivered.
Please try it, Mr. Xiao.
Come again yeah
Mr. Joe
It has something to do with Jiutian Group
Qiao Zixi is so respectful to him
This little turtle three
What is Xiao Wuji's identity?
How about Wang Shao
I received it.
I don't know if it has blinded your dog's eyes.
Impossible General Manager of Nine Days Group
How could I possibly know you as nothing?
The little yakuza
What are you?
How dare you be rude to Mr. Xiao
Haha, I see.
You must have used some means
Confused Qiao Zixi
Let him come and play this good show with you
Xiao Wuqi
I didn't expect you to satisfy your own vanity
To even use such shameless means
What a pity.
What if I, Qiao Zixi, support you?
The entire Jiutian Group can't compare to my sister Wang
Coal will hold tonight
This world
Who can move me?
I never believed
I didn't need anybody to help me.
If you want to die, I will fulfill you all
I, Wang Ruofu, took the Wang family to issue an announcement
From now on, he is the enemy of my royal family
There is no place for you in the entire Beihai
You kid, just wait for me to die